**CURRENT KNOWN ISSUES**
3. When changing pipelines on the pipelines page via the dropdown, the ajax call is not properly adding the expansion system to the cards. It only shows the expansion icon on initial page load, but when swapping pipelines, there is no expansion icon being added, so we cant expand our cards until after we refresh the page. this creates a poor user experience and must be addressed. an event should fire when the pipeline card is added to the page. the javascript listens for that and decides if it needs to add the expansion icon. there should be no expansion icon rendered via the template. the javascript renders the expansion icon. either that, or the template ALWAYS renders the expansion icon and then the javascript is just responsible to show/hide it when necessary based on the length of the content. It seems like #2 may be easier for our use case and aligns with our principles of not rendering html via javascript
4. We need to review our Status Management System to ensure that we are properly accounting for all combinations of statuses. It has not been updated since before we added the update step to the system. 
5. In the case of AI-Publish, if we do this: 1. Enter use message, run job. 2. change user message, run job again, sometimes the user message from run 1 is lost. We must investigate and identify why this happens. it is likely because the job pulls the flow config from the database and if we change it before it pulls that it will grab the new one instead of the old one. We can work around this by creating a new flow, but i am wondering if we can find a way to get around it without creating a new flow

**NEXT FEATURES TO IMPLEMENT**
1. Google Search Console general tool for the AI step. Enables ai steps to view data from Google Search Console to aid in workflows. Such as, post updates fetching seo data from google search console to add new keywords to a post.
2. Webhook receiver step type. This step type has handlers for specific platform integrations. It allows the triggering of flow steps via a webhook. This must support both mid-pipeline and first-step in pipeline execution. Required handlers: Fareharbor, Discord, Research Airbnb, which does not provide a public api
3. Pipeline template system: A few pre-configured pipeline templates. This will be a modal that pops up when you press the add new pipeline button. It will have a custom pipeline option, it will have a fetch - ai - publish option, it will have an ai - publish option, and it will have a fetch - ai - update option. Once the webhook is implemented, it will also include a webhook - ai - publish template. These templates will each have their own description. We will be using filter discovery for pipeline templates. Look at the dm-structured-data plugin for a successful example of atomic pipeline creation (except in this case, we wont be configuring flow handlers in advance, just creating the steps, however, the example stands)
4. Run All button for Pipelines, right next to the pipeline page title. This is just like the flow level run button, except it will run all flows in the pipeline. the action can be dm_run_pipeline_now